so now we're gonna show you how to do
one of my favorite our family favorite
that pass sticker here I have some napa
cabbage and I put a tiny bit of salt put
it right here
and then I mix it and I mix it a little
bit and push it down then after a little
while you know what the water will come
out let me show you okay look at this
after a little while I can actually
squeeze the water out okay look at this
this squeeze the water out guess now is
they're nice and soft and then I'm gonna
mix this with ground meat you can use
ground turkey ground chicken ground pork
ground beef ground lamb I put it right
here put a tiny bit of mushrooms
shiitake mushroom put a tiny bit of
garlic I love garlic the texture and the
ginger okay and then cornstarch I'm
gonna marinate this well for tiny tiny
bit of you know what sesame seed oil Lee
Kum Kee sesame oil and a tiny bit of
oyster pha-4 sauce
okay and then these are the past thicker
wrappers you can find them in the store
otherwise you buy 1 ton wrappers then
you use a cookie cutter just cut it into
a round shape circular shape and very
simple but this show you everybody can
do at home this is family affair okay I
put a tiny bit of these marinated meat
and vegetable a one-dish meal
you got protein you got vegetables you
got carbohydrate there's no trick to it
okay one teaspoon okay half moon I put a
tiny bit of water half moon okay
snap the edge on one end push with your
second hand push snap push snap push
snap push snap push snap push snap you
know what you'll have perfect pot
sticker like this
okay now
and meantime we have done a few of these
ahead of time we're gonna put this over
here and put this over here and we're
gonna cook heat this up a little bit not
much oil just a tiny bit one two three
four just a teeny tiny bit of oil okay
hold it hold it and then I'm gonna line
this up look at this one and two and
three line them all up like them all out
perfect okay look at this it's gonna be
beautiful nice and golden-brown look at
this nice and golden-brown nice and
golden-brown look at that beautiful now
I simply put the water right in here and
this how you do it okay just in case it
splash you see how do it you slide it on
that side and I cover it okay now let's
sit there let it steam and cook for
about five to six minutes why I'm
cooking this I'm gonna make some sauce
for you I'm gonna make two sauces okay
I'm gonna put some power some eClinical
right here
I love balsamic vinegar I use PI the Lee
Kum Kee Thai sweet chili sauce I put the
Thai chili sauce along with that our
semuc vinegar beautiful hot and spicy
and slightly sweet and sour this is one
of the tipping sauce I also make the
second sauce I'm gonna use like sorry
like sorry
Premium Lee Kum Kee sorry and then I
used a tiny broth chili garlic sauce Lee
Kum Kee chili garlic sauce I put this
right in here it depends on how hot do
you like you want to smoke your hair hey
by all means I use more and a few top
sesame seed oil okay and that's the
consult that I have created for youth Oh
almost already over this most of the
water evaporated and this look you can
see this translucent and it's not
sticking when you surf this is how you
do it I'll put it on the side like this
I'll put one and two and three and right
before we serve and we can actually
garnish this a little bit and put it
right over here and this is absolutely
beautiful look at that very simple
all of these two sources including the
marinades make with the wonderful Lee
Kum Kee sauces